Provide details for configuring Spark Integration with Datadog Agent on DC/OS (#1)
xornivore/datadog-agent-dcos-ee-strict: README.md

│   ├── mesos_master.d
│   │   ├── conf.yaml
│   │   └── private-key.pem
│   ├── mesos_slave.d
│   │   ├── conf.yaml

> │   │   └── private-key.pem

Reviewer: maybe you can remove the `private-key.pem` from the repo.

Author: it's an empty key - I left it to make sure it's clear we need one, but it's a placeholder here.

│   └── spark.d
│       ├── conf.yaml
│       └── private-key.pem
└── cont-init.d
    └── 90-mesos.sh
```

> Please make sure to replace the `private-key.pem` file with the contents of the private key generated for the service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure to copy the private key `private-key.pem` generated for the service account, in each integration folder: `mesos_master.d`, `mesos_slave.d` and `spark.d`.
```

        version.raw: 1.10.1
        version.scheme: semver
```

## Spark Configuration

In order for the Datadog Agent Spark integration to be able to collect metrics in the DC/OS running in Strict security
mode the Spark and Spark History Server packages have to be configured according to the D2IQ security recommendations
for this mode of operation.

> The following instructions are provided as a reference only. If you have already installed Spark and History Server you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning:  The following instructions are provided as a reference only. If you have already installed Spark and History Server you
```
